Godfather, you have personally experienced my father in your busy schedule
Invite you to have a drink in the evening
Another generous gift
The Xu family really has hands and eyes
When did even Lord Li stand for them?
You don't know yet
Master Xu's father
I just said goodbye to Lord Li
Now they are a strong alliance
Dawan Group is second backwards
If you can explain it to Master Xu
After that, our Mr. Xiang will have something to do
The Lieutenant Governor has orders, etc.
Ah, and I'm sorry for being late.
set set
Youle
The Lieutenant Governor has ordered
Bidding will open
Dawan Group matters
The official personally supervises
Strive for fairness and rigor
Companies that read their names come to the stage to receive bids
Results Shen Group
Shen Xiaobo misreported data
Eliminate the Xu Group
Xu Youle qualification fraud
The Xu company has been eliminated
Qiangsheng Group
Eliminate Tianjun Group
Eliminate Wanshun Materials Company
elimination
Eliminate all Joe Century